---
layout: inner
position: left
title: 'Snax Casual Games'
date: 2000-01-01 00:00:01
categories: development
tags: Godot Casual Collaborator Android 
featured_image: '/img/posts/Snax/snaxScreenshot.png'
project_link: snax
button_icon: 'mobile'
button_text: 'Visit Project'
lead_text: 'A collection of casual games for mobile developed in Godot.'
permalink: portfolio/snax/
store_link: ""
store_icon: 
---

# **Snax Casual Games**
## Casual Mobile Games

My first experience as a remote contractor.The task was to design, develop and deliver several casual games for a mobile platform. Our games had to have a simple mechanic, difficulty escalation and simple stage creation, ability to change skins and spend platform token to buy lives or skins, the games will be played on a launcher.

<iframe width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1yxPGF1S4Kk" 
title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## **Contributions**

- **Client Communication:** Acted as the primary liaison between the client in Israel and the development team in Argentina, ensuring clear and effective communication to align project deliverables with client expectations.
- **Time Management:** Implemented efficient scheduling practices to ensure milestones were met, maintaining the project on track and within deadlines.  
- **Task Organization:** Utilized Kanban methodology to streamline team workflows, improving task prioritization and project visibility.  
- **Technical Assistance:** Supported the development process by troubleshooting issues and providing solutions alongside the team.  
- **Asset Workflow:** Played a role in creating game assets, including maps, sound effects, and other design elements to enhance the player experience.  
- **Team Coordination:** Worked closely with a small team to align technical and creative efforts for cohesive development.  


## **What I Learned**

Through this project, I improved my interpersonal communication skills by effectively bridging the gap between client expectations and our development team. I honed my ability to prioritize tasks and manage tight deadlines, ensuring the project stayed on track. Collaborating within a multidisciplinary team taught me the importance of balancing technical and creative contributions. Additionally, I gained practical experience with Godot Development, Kanban methodology, and mobile performance.

