---
layout: inner
position: left
title: 'VR Demos'
date: 2000-01-01 00:00:04
categories: development
tags: Unity SinglePlayer Collaborator MetaQuest2 
featured_image: '/img/posts/02_weathercast-1130x864-2x.png'
project_link: vrdemos
button_icon: 'meta'
button_text: 'Visit Project'
lead_text: 'Demo of virtual reality experiences.'
permalink: portfolio/vrdemos/
---

# **Mixed Reality Demos**
## Augmented and Virtual Reality Small Experiences

Having access to a **Meta Quest 2** gave me the opportunity to learn the basics of XR development and work on virtual reality projects.

At the first project, it was used as a learning opportunity using [XR Interaction Toolkit](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.xr.interaction.toolkit@3.0/manual/index.html) and assets from Way Back Home Waking Up were used to develop game mechanics and several interesting points to interact with the scenario.

At the second project, the task at hand was to simulate the office of Siltium, using [AutoHand](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/game-toolkits/auto-hand-vr-interaction-165323), allowing great interaction with real life objects.


<iframe width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/vDHJC0UcGwM?si=mxS8vauu3P6BCli_" 
title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## **Project Contributions**

Waking UP Way Back Home VR
- **Whiteboard Drawing:** Designed and implemented a system for interactive whiteboard functionality.  
- **Plug Socket Wire:** Created a plug-and-socket interaction system for enhanced realism.  
- **Tablet:** Developed features such as a camera, gallery, map, and card reader to enhance gameplay.  
- **UI VR Menu:** Designed and integrated an intuitive VR menu system for seamless user interaction.  

Virtual Office VR
- **AutoHand Implementation:** Integrated AutoHand for controllers and hand tracking to provide a natural and immersive user experience.  
- **Jenga Physics:** Developed realistic physics for a Jenga-like game.  
- **Gameboy Emulator:** Implemented a working Gameboy emulator retro gaming cartridges.  

## **What I Learned**

Working on these VR projects honed my skills in designing intuitive interactions, integrating hand tracking and physics systems, and creating multifunctional devices in-game. I also improved my ability to optimize performance and troubleshoot unique challenges in VR environments.